[Workers] Add Secure Curves algorithms in Web Crypto API (#9269)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/runtime-apis/web-crypto.md

### Supported algorithms

> Workers implements all operations of the [WebCrypto standard](https://www.w3.org/TR/WebCryptoAPI/), as shown in the following table. The Workers team continuously adds support for more algorithms — [share your use case with the community](https://community.cloudflare.com/c/developers/workers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workers implements all operations of the [WebCrypto standard](https://www.w3.org/TR/WebCryptoAPI/), as shown in the following table. The Workers team continuously adds support for more algorithms — [share your use case with the community](https://community.cloudflare.com/c/developers/workers).
```
Do we want people to share their use case with the community because this is the official feedback channel for the Workers team to add support for more algorithms? @irvinebroque

Reviewer 2: I think fair to omit, links to Discord are part of all docs pages already, don't need section for individual bits of functionality with specific CTAs.

| SHA 512                                            |                     |                         | ✓        |                              |               |                           |             |             |
| MD5<sup><a href="#footnote 3">3</a></sup>          |                     |                         | ✓        |                              |               |                           |             |             |
| HKDF                                               |                     |                         |          | ✓                            |               |                           |             | ✓           |
| PBKDF2                                             |                     |                         |          | ✓                            |               |                           |             | ✓           |

{{</table-wrap>}}

**Footnotes:**

1.  <a name="footnote-1"></a> Algorithms as specified in the [Secure Curves API](https://wicg.github.io/webcrypto-secure-curves).

> 2.  <a name="footnote-2"></a> Legacy non-standard EdDSA is supported for the Ed25519 curve in addition to
>     the Secure Curves version. Since this algorithm is non-standard, a few things to keep in mind while
>     using it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  <a name="footnote-2"></a> Legacy non-standard EdDSA is supported for the Ed25519 curve in addition to the Secure Curves version. Since this algorithm is non-standard, note the following while using it:
```
